Search engines are designed to
provide you with the best
results that are most likely
relevant to your search word or
phrase.
They can't always accurately
redict what you're looking for,
but there are some techniques
you can use to make it more
likely you'll find what you need
in the search results.
I'm using the Bing search
engine, which is the default
search engine here in Microsoft
Edge, but these rules alley for
nearly all search engines.
First of all, there's no need to
enter long sentences or phrases
for your search, so don't Tye
something like How do I bake a
chocolate cake?
Instead, just type chocolate
cake and as you can see, those
two words give me results for
different recipes, photos of
cakes, video lessons on how to
bake chocolate cakes, and so on.
For many tyes of searches, Bing
and other search engines will
offer search suggestions that
can help you get the popular
results more quickly.
O For example, I want to find
out what the weather in San
Francisco is like right now.
O I'll come back U to the
address bar and start typing San
Francisco and as I type, several
search suggestions appear below
the search field.
If you see the search term you
want to use instead of typing
out the rest of it, just use
your mouse to click the
suggestion and that quickly
shows me the forecast for an
Francisco as the top search
result.
Let's look at another example.
I'm looking for a song I heard,
but I only remember a small
portion of the lyrics.
I'll Tye those lyrics lans get
in the way, followed by the word
lyrics.
To narrow down the results, I'll
put quotes around the lyrics,
followed by lyrics again, that
will find me lyrics that only
have those words in that order,
and in the results I can see
that that hrase is in bold for
each link, letting me quickly
read through to see if I
recognize the song I'm looking
for.
You can also take advantage of
Bing's Search Engine's smart
features.
For example I'll type sqrt 144
and that not only gives me the
correct answer but this is
actually a real working
calculator so I can erform other
calculations right from here and
below that I can find other
search results related to my
original search about square
roots.
Another smart feature is the
language translation.
I can Tye something like say
hello in French and the 1st
result gives me a direct
translation and like the
calculator this is a live tool
so I can type in other words and
select other languages to
translate.
Or maybe I want to see how to
say that in German and there it
is O.
There you have several tips for
getting more effective and
useful results from your
searches more quickly.